README architecture/ERD (#80)
riaz1751/LMNH-ale-alw-plants-project: README.md

- **Engineer & Analyst**: All of the above

# Architecture Diagram
![alt text](images/architecture_diagram.png)

> - An `ECS Fargate` service reads daily readings data from individual `API` endpoints and passes the data through an `ETL` pipeline to process data for storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An repeated `ECS Fargate` task reads daily readings data from individual `API` endpoints and passes the data through an `ETL` pipeline to process data for storage.
```
